hello everyone wraps are here with the
weekly times to mean I fall as well as
rain rewards so first off I she got the
crux of Cruelty guys this was last week
but I prefer to honor Selassie anyway so
almost gonna be mixing in a couple
things in last week as well as well as
this week so anyway yes we got the thing
overheats which already had any crux of
rotor guys I was pretty excited my
cousin was pretty nice for my hunter
from the actual on I fall we got to
legend handguns and we had the trolley
problem which hair rd perks I decided to
keep this one I'm also got the hunter
helmets which is actually pretty nice
but I don't know if I'm going to
actually continue to my hunter next we
had my warlock on an iphone doing it
with my friends and i actually my friend
who i held a lot copy Hawkman guys and I
was so so mad that he got it and yeah so
we got one hot lights on Hawkman and I
was stuck with some next vision rifle I
was not gonna use again but actually one
good thing though is that later on in
the co.design rate actually copy Hawkman
so I I don't know what footage is
laughing a last name I do have the Haku
now here we have my Titan for the
nightfall I do my friend foes you do
know i have a seriously not for wager so
i end up losing this shotgun but it was
not gonna shop in any way and i have a
whole lot of more shotguns anyway then
we have my hunter in which again tues
dogs jobs and stuff the stupid legendary
which is the paper SOS and i'm not a fan
of high redefine the neck o chasms
better than that come on now and last
but not least we have I believe this is
my hunter yes and I should got the
broken truth lr 1 which I used in this
week's now for the army goal and it's
full of really now and this sniper is a
be slim telling you that guys now i just
wish i had our bonus
cinemax on its well which I don't spawn
me three socially since I have the extra
bullets so sorry the one that is bonus
damage other than I guys thank for
watching I am wrapped or demo piece
you